change name from PCF to Cloud Foundry (#19000)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/pivotal-cloud-foundry-manual-setup.md

---

> title: Cloud Foundry Manual Setup Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Cloud Foundry Setup Guide
```
We don't need to specify `manual` since it's the only way for the open source cloud foundry.

kind: guide

> description: "Steps for manually setting up the Cloud Foundry Integration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Steps for setting up the Cloud Foundry Integration"
```
same here

## Overview

Cloud Foundry deployments can send metrics and events to Datadog. You can track the health and availability of all nodes in a deployment, monitor the jobs they run, collect metrics from the Loggregator Firehose, and more. This page walks you through how to manually set up monitoring for your Cloud Foundry application.

> There are three main components for the Cloud Foundry integration with Datadog. First, the buildpack is used to collect custom metrics from your applications. Second, the BOSH Release collects metrics from the platform. Third, the Loggregator Firehose Nozzle collects all other metrics from your infrastructure. Read the [Datadog VMware Tanzu Application Service architecture][32] guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three main components for the Cloud Foundry integration with Datadog. First, the buildpack is used to collect custom metrics, logs, traces and profiles from your applications. Second, the Agent and Cluster Agent BOSH Releases collects metrics from the platform. Third, the Loggregator Firehose Nozzle collects all other metrics from your infrastructure. Read the [Datadog VMware Tanzu Application Service architecture][32] guide for more information.
```
This part is a bit misleading. Feel free to ignore it if you want to handle this is a different PR.

## Monitor your applications

Use the **Datadog Cloud Foundry Buildpack** to monitor your Cloud Foundry application. This is a Cloud Foundry [supply buildpack][2] that installs the Datadog Container Agent, Datadog Trace Agent for APM, and Datadog DogStatsD binary file in the container your app is running on.

### Pivotal Cloud Foundry Platform >= 1.12

> 1. Upload the Datadog Cloud Foundry Buildpack. Download the [latest Datadog build pack release][7] and upload it to your Cloud Foundry environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the [latest Datadog buildpack release][7] and upload it to your Cloud Foundry environment.
```

    ```shell
    cf create-buildpack datadog-cloudfoundry-buildpack ./datadog-cloudfoundry-buildpack-latest.zip
    ```

> 2. Push your application with the Datadog buildpack and your buildpacks. The process to push your application with multiple buildpacks is described in [Pushing an App with Multiple Buildpacks][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Push your application, including both the Datadog buildpack and your regular buildpacks. The process to push your application with multiple buildpacks is described in [Pushing an App with Multiple Buildpacks][3].
```

    ```shell
    cf push <YOUR_APP> --no-start -b binary_buildpack
    cf v3-push <YOUR_APP> -b datadog-cloudfoundry-buildpack -b <YOUR-BUILDPACK-1> -b <YOUR-FINAL-BUILDPACK>
    ```

>       **If you were using a single buildpack before, it should be the last one loaded so it acts as a final buildpack**. To learn more, see [Cloud Foundry's How Buildpacks Work][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      **Note**: If you were using a single buildpack before, it should be the last one loaded so it acts as a final buildpack. To learn more, see [Cloud Foundry's How Buildpacks Work][6].
```

### Pivotal Cloud Foundry Platform < 1.12

The Datadog buildpack uses the Cloud Foundry [Pushing an App with Multiple Buildpacks][3] feature that was introduced in version `1.12`.

For older versions, Cloud Foundry provides a backwards compatible version of this feature in the form of a [multi-buildpack][4]. You must install and configure this version to use Datadog's buildpack.

> 1. Upload the multi-buildpack back-port. Download the latest multi-buildpack release and upload it to your Cloud Foundry environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest multi-buildpack release and upload it to your Cloud Foundry environment.
```

      Do not use the `latest` version here (replace `x.y.z` with the specific version you want to use).

>       **Your regular buildpack should be the last in the manifest to act as a final buildpack**. To learn more, see [Cloud Foundry's How Buildpacks Work][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      **Note**: Your regular buildpack should be the last one listed in the manifest. To learn more, see [Cloud Foundry's How Buildpacks Work][6].
```
